Now, I know that you've had this question
sitting in the back of your mind,
like why production false, production true?
What's the purpose of those entries,
and kind of what's up with that?
So let's discuss it.
So we saw environment TS had production false,
environment Prod, TS had production true.
So in our main application,
so this is part of our Angular project.
If you look into your source code,
there's a file called Main.cs.
This is already provided for you by the Angular framework,
whenever you create your Angular project.
So you have access to this file.
In Main.ts, there's a reference here that says,
if environment.production.
So basically here we're saying
if the environment production value is set to true,
then we'll enable Prod mode or enable Production mode.
So what exactly is Prod mode?
Well, Prod mode reduces the internal logging messages,
disable file checks for auto reloading,
minifies your scripts and styles, eliminates dead-code,
inline critical CSS and fonts,
and a number of other performance optimizations.
And now if you'd like to get additional information
about Prod mode, you can go to the link
that I have here on the slide.
It'll redirect you to the official Angular documentation,
and you can learn more details
as far as the Angular optimization configuration.
Alrighty, so this looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and move into the next video
and let's get started.